NXDOC-2184: subpages for Aspera Connector (#1549)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-add-ons/nuxeo-aspera-connector/nuxeo-aspera-upgrade-notes.md

- IBM Aspera on Cloud Subscription (see note above about Aspera self-hosted)

## Code/Element Changes

### Transfer status
`updateTransferStatuses` deprecated - use `syncTransfer`(CoreSession, String) instead. 

see [NXP-9425] (https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-29425)

### Transfer 'tab' behavior
`nuxeo-aspera-upload-page` element: Replaced `aspera-tab-update` event by `aspera-page-update` event code link

`nuxeo-aspera-page` element: changed `selectedtab` property into `selectedPage` property code link

see [NXP-29130](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29130)

### Transfer page
On `nuxeo-aspera-transfer-page`: removes property `transferGroups`

see [NXP-29497](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29497)

`nuxeo-aspera-transfer-page` element: removes properties aggregates, params and quickFilters

see [NXP-29592](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29592)

`nuxeo-aspera-transfer-page` element removes properties: `transfers`, `offset` and `isPreviousPageAvailable` check

see [NXP-29282](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29282)

> ### Storing message files

Reviewer: since we're already linking to the ticket, I would remove from the notes "check code", "code link", "check change".

Reviewer: done!

---
title: Nuxeo Aspera Upgrade Notes
description: Upgrade notes for Nuxeo Aspera.
tree_item_index: 200
review:
  comment: ''
  date: '2020-09-10'
  status: ok
toc: true
---

{{! excerpt}}
This chapter highlights some major information about upgrade from Nuxeo Aspera Connector 2.x to Nuxeo Aspera Connector 3.0.x.
For a listing of improvements and functional enhancements in version 3.0.x, please see the [release notes]() {{! /excerpt}}

{{#> callout type='warning'}}

> Because of the changes to parameters in the nuxeo.conf file, this release is labeled as a major release.  Transfers that exist in your system **that were started/created with a previous version will not work with this release and attempts to complete them will fail with this realse**.

Reviewer 2: It was not only due to the parameters change, but also to code/APIs changes.
Maybe it worths to refer that since then, below, we talk about them.

Reviewer 3: `...with this realse`-> `with this release`

> Because of the changes to parameters in the nuxeo.conf file, this release is labeled as a major release.  Transfers that exist in your system **that were started/created with a previous version will not work with this release and attempts to complete them will fail with this realse**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of the changes to parameters in the **nuxeo.conf** file and also to some API's  deprecation and major changes, this release is labeled as a major release.  Transfers that exist in your system **that were started/created with a previous version will not work with this release and attempts to complete them will fail with this release**. It is recommended to don't update the Connector version with _ongoing_ transfers.
```

Reviewer 4: I like your suggestion, but need to change the wording just a bit so can't commit suggestion directly 👍

{{/callout}}

## Installation and Configuration

### Changed/modified Parameters

<div class="table-scroll">
<table class="hover">
<tbody>
<tr>
<th colspan="1">Parameter</th>
<th colspan="1">Modification</th>
<th colspan="1">Reference</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="1">`aspera.access.key.id`
`aspera.access.key.secret`
`aspera.download.access.key.id`
`aspera.download.access.key.secret`</td>
<td colspan="1">Fixed existing typo for `acess` in these parameters</td>
<td colspan="1">[NXP-28399](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-28399)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td colspan="1">`nuxeo.s3storage.useDirectUpload = true`</td>
<td colspan="1">Value no longer necessary for the Nuxeo Aspera Connector (keep if used for other Nuxeo features) </td>
<td colspan="1">[NXP-29548](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-29548)</td>
</tr>
<td colspan="1">`nuxeo.s3storage.transient.roleArn`</td>
<td colspan="1">Value no longer necessary for the Nuxeo Aspera Connector (keep if used for other Nuxeo features)</td>
<td colspan="1">[NXP-29548](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-29548)</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>

### Requirements
- Aspera Desktop Client - [latest version]

> - Nuxeo Server LTS 2019 (10.10, HF 31, at least) with access to AWS S3 Storage along with the [Amazon S3 Online Storage plugin](https://connect.nuxeo.com/nuxeo/site/marketplace/package/amazon-s3-online-storage?version=11.2.13)

Reviewer 2: Guess the `amazon-s3-online-storage` version is not the correct one. That's for 11.x or am I missing something?

Reviewer 2: Guess the most up to date version for 10.10 would be `1.9.12`

Reviewer 4: i just did the link for the connector, I think it must grab the latest by default.  will be sure to grab the specific one for 10. 👍

see [NXP-29592](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29592)

`nuxeo-aspera-transfer-page` element removes properties: `transfers`, `offset` and `isPreviousPageAvailable`

see [NXP-29282](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29282)

### Storing message files
Deprecated `getOrCreateTransferDocument` methods (which was a deprecated Aspera method)

see [NXP-29590](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-29590)

### Workers' status
Deprecated `bmExecute(Transfer transfer)` and introduces `bmExecute()` instead

see [NXP-29589](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-29589)

### Transfer change event
Deprecating `transfer-changed` event. Use `aspera-uploads-refresh` instead

see [NXP-29302](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29302)

### Aspera Connect download
Removes `linkActive` and `download` properties from `nuxeo-aspera-connect`

see [NXP-28412](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/NXP-28412)

### Transfer complete event
Removed the `aspera-transfer-complete` event and its listeners. From now on, there is no such event being fired.

see [NXP-29467](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-29467)

### Transfer edit
Removed `nuxeo-aspera-upload-edit-dialog` element

> see [NXP-28207](https://jira.nuxeo.com/browse/nxp-28207

Reviewer 2: Link broke
